
The fields on the main screen have the following meanings:


The following fields are used for the Device Information section.

Device Description:  The name and version of firmware of the Device.
                     This field may be empty if the Device is "Down".

Unit IP Address:     The Device's IP address.

Number of ports:     The number of ports the Device reports to have.

Server Port number:  The network port number that the driver attempts
                     to open on the remote Device.

Encrypted Sessions:  If the Device supports it, this field will report
                     whether SSL is being used on the connection.

Wan Speed:           Reports the speed of the network link that was set
                     up, if any.

Device ID:           Reports the id that this unit is using under the
                     Operating System.



The following fields are used for the VPD Information section.


Product Name:        The Device's product name.

Manufacturer:        The manufacturer of the Device.
                     Will always be Digi.

Serial Number:       The serial number of the Device.

Part Number:         The part number of the Device.

FRU Number:          The FRU (Field Replaceable Unit) number of the Device.

EC Number:           The EC (Engineering Change) number of the Device.


NOTE: Not all products support VPD information.
      In this case, the VPD fields will not appear.




To get more information about one of the displayed ports, use the up 
an down arrow keys to move the highlighted bar to the desired device,
then press <Enter>.


A general note about navigation within the tool:


  NOTE:   If the arrow keys do not map correctly, the tool will 
          display the following message:

                        Invalid Key.

  If this occurs, substitute the standard UNIX cursor movement keys for the
  up and down arrows:  Down = J or j;  Up = K or k;  
                       Left = H or h;  Right = L or l.


The Redraw (^L) option causes the tool to redisplay the entire screen,
particularly useful with "dirty" connections in which the display becomes
corrupt.

The Print Screen (^P) option invokes a screen dump  to  the  default  file
/tmp/dpalog.   If  another  file and/or path is desired, simply invoke the
tool with the -l option.

        e.g.       dparp -l <logfile>
