This  display is  updated at half second intervals,  and shows the current
status and settings of the channel selected.

The inner box shows the state of the RS-232 signals RTS,  CTS,  DSR,  DCD,
DTR,  RI,  and  input  and  output flow control states (OFC and IFC).  The
transmit and receive counters allow one to monitor those RS-232 "signals".

An inactive signal is indicated by a line (_) under its name.

An active signal is indicated by a block "X" under its name.

If data is currently  being  transmitted  or  received,  the corresponding
counter will change.


Input Modes *Not a standard UNIX flag
    IGNBRK   Ignore Break
    BRKINT   Interrupt on Break
    IGNPAR   Ignore parity errors
    PARMRK   Mark parity errors
    INPCK    Input parity check
    ISTRIP   Strip input characters
    ITOSS*   Toss IXANY characters
    IXON     Enable start/stop output
    IXANY    Restart output on any character
    IXOFF    Enable start/stop input
    IXONA*   Enable start/stop output Auxiliary

Output Modes *Not a standard UNIX flag
    XCASE*   Canonical upper/lower display
    OLCUC    Map lower case to upper
    ONLCR    Map NL to CR/NL
    OCRNL    Map CR to NL
    ONOCR    No CR output at column 0
    ONLRET   NL performs CR function
    OFILL    Use fill characters for delay
    OFDEL    Fill character is DEL; otherwise NUL

Control Modes
    Baud Rate   Reflects the current rate.

    Char Bits   5,6,7,8, or None.

    Stop Bits   2,1, or None.

    Parity      Even, Odd, Mark, Space or None.


Loopback Test:  Selecting  the  "Loopback" option will cause the tool
                to attempt to initiate a loopback test on the port.
                The port must be in a "Closed" state for the loopback
                test to work.


Data Monitor:   The  "Data Monitor"  functionality  provides  a means
                to  examine  the actual  transmitted / received  data
                in close to real time, or to browse captured data.


The Redraw (^L) option causes the tool to redisplay the entire screen,
particularly useful with "dirty" connections in which the display becomes
corrupt.

The Print Screen (^P) option invokes a screen dump  to  the  default  file
/tmp/dpalog.   If  another  file and/or path is desired, simply invoke the
tool with the -l option.

        e.g.       dparp -l <logfile>
